Duolingo basically uses Agile management approach. As its CEO says, there are around 850 total staff and 70% are engineering, product management, and design combined account.(https://www.theverge.com/24267841/luis-von-ahn-duolingo-owl-language-learning-gamification-generative-ai-android-decoder) However, in IT sector, they rather to divide sectors into small teams for multiple platforms and multiple jobs. According to their develop blog, their update frequency has 3 stages: 
1. early years: less frequent but more substantial.
2. middle period: accelerated development cycle, monthly on mobile platforms
3. current era: rapid iteration model. continuously for web platform and biweekly to mobile apps. Agile approach based on user feedback.

Duolingo is currently using agile approach and scrum (iteration and re-prioritising based on feedbacks). For waterful, Duolingo might use it in their early years, as they used to use python for backend. After they changed to use Scala, there is no such heavy work in one time and thus agile is better for their model.

There is no materials indicating what specific management software is used, Duolingo does follows agile approach and use iterations for staged development, feedback to update direction and rapid update like biweekly. One thing interesting is that Duolingo does not like any other teams setting feature-based aims. The focus on metrics, which means no team is responsible for any feature. Instead, every team is responsible for enhancing some features. For example, there is a team focus one subscription, and the team can change any feature to keep the subscription number growing. The advantage is the statistic outcome will be directly enhanced, but the other side, the statistics can be beyond the reality and there is no team taking the responsibility for failures. Duolingo adds a review process and guardrail metrics to address the first concern. Review process means there will be people review changes before deployment, while the guardrail metrics is a set of rules that a team cannot touch to ensure one side metrics enhancement will not sacrifice others important metrics. The second concern is described as "there are positives and negatives, but all in all, this has actually worked out really well for us."

However, this might not meet the reality. 
1. There are numerous of criticises saying that the experience of Duolingo is "dishonest about what it actually looks like to learn a foreign language" (https://www.spectator.co.uk/article/why-duolingo-wont-help-you-learn-a-foreign-language/). Making the experience easier and interesting will definitely increase the metrics, but it might not gives language learning real help. As the CEO admitted, the effect of Duolingo may not be expected, the users may still not able to talk with local people. In the long run, the user acceptance can be therefore decrease. This is because of there IT management, as there is only metrics orientated teams and review team, no insurance team to guarantee of the actual effect. 
2. The outrage of Duolingo is much more frequent than others. In the past 3 years, there are at least 300 down time incidents according to its official status monitor sites. As there is no feature related team, work overleaping and work inconsistency are unavoidable.
3. Corporation is something that the team needs to improve. Duolingo tried remote jobs in COVID19 period through Slack and Zoom. However, their ideas had run out, until they backed to office, they started to have new ideas naturally. They deem the cause is no whiteboard resulting to a worse environment of brain storming, but apparently no feature orientation worsen the situation. As a multi-language learning platform, working offline only in several cities is not the best idea. Having different teams working for the languages they are familiar with is a much better idea, and thus remote jobs is an acceleration. However, the metric orientated strategy block the possibility for the remote teamwork architecture, as the jobs are hard to divided and the real time cooperation is a must. This is a huge obstacle from diverse innovations.

Duolingo's official apps are close sourced and thus is hard to find details. The changelogs are quite vague, but the update frequency is about 2 weeks per version. The patches are mainly handled after incident, which is recorded on status webpage. Three versions of Duolingo, web, Android app and Apple app are released through website, google play store and Apple store. Duolingo uses OpsLevel as automation tools for fetching source code from GitHub.com and Rollbar, React frontend template, Python and Java backend templates, Apple client template and CI/CD template. (https://www.opslevel.com/case-studies/duolingo). The monitor tool may offered by Atlassian as well, as its status webpage is powered by Atlassian statuspage.